IF update - Swap Fees (#244)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Impossible-Finance-Agents/Swap-Fees/README.md

## Description

> This bot detects transactions where modifications in fee values of Impossible Finance V2 Pairs occurred.
> > Check Impossible Finance V2 Pairs and Factory here https://github.com/ImpossibleFinance/impossible-swap-core
> > You can update the Factory address to V2 Factory by changing `FACTORY` value in the agent file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot detects transactions where modifications in fee values of Impossible Finance V3 Pairs occurred.
```
Update V2 to V3 in description. Notes below can be removed after updating the factory version to V3.
